404 errors simply mean that Chuck Norris has been there before you.
Chuck Norris CAN divide by 0.
Chuck Norris can access the DB from the UI.
Chuck Norris can binary search unsorted data.
Chuck Norris can compile syntax errors.
Chuck Norris can delete the Recycle Bin.
Chuck Norris can read all encrypted data, because nothing can hide from Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can store the value 256 in one byte
Chuck Norris can write to ROM.
Chuck Norris can't test for equality because he has no equal.
Chuck Norris develops in prod.
Chuck Norris does not code in cycles, he codes in strikes.
Chuck Norris does not need to know about class factory pattern. He can instantiate interfaces.
Chuck Norris doesn't make http requests. He makes http demands.
Chuck Norris doesn't have disk latency because the hard drive knows to hurry the hell up.
Chuck Norris doesn't need a debugger, he just stares down the bug until the code confesses.
Chuck Norris doesn't need a password to access your system, the system simply gives him access.
Chuck Norris doesn't need garbage collection because he doesn't call .Dispose(), he calls .DropKick().
Chuck Norris doesn't need the cloud to scale his applications, he uses his laptop.
Chuck Norris doesn't need to use AJAX because pages are too afraid to postback.
Chuck Norris doesn't program with a keyboard. He stares the computer down until it does what he wants.
Chuck Norris doesn't use web standards as the web will conform to him.
Chuck Norris exits vim by typing "exit"
Chuck Norris hosting is 105% uptime guaranteed.
Chuck Norris invented binary by performing a roundhouse on the number 10.
Chuck Norris never gets a syntax error.  Instead, the language gets an DoesNotConformToChuck error.
Chuck Norris never gets a syntax error. Instead, the language gets an DoesNotConformToChuck error.
Chuck Norris never gets compiler errors, the language changes itself to accommodate Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris never has to use the -f option when deleting files.
Chuck Norris plugs in USB sticks perfectly the first time every time
Chuck Norris programs do not accept input.
Chuck Norris programs occupy 150% of CPU, even when they are not executing.
Chuck Norris uses /dev/null as STDIN.
Chuck Norris writes code that optimizes itself.
Chuck Norris wrote a program that counts from infinity to 0. And I ran it two times.
Chuck Norris's code doesn't get bugs. The bugs become industry-defining features.
Chuck Norris's Internet connection is faster upstream than downstream because even data has more incentive to run from him than to him.
Chuck Norris's favourite key combination would be Ctrl, Alt, Roundhouse.
Every SQL statement that Chuck Norris codes has an implicit “COMMIT” in its end.
If Chuck Norris was such a great programmer he would come here and smash my face against my bhdhanidu #_evwvs udna bduwbw hdjaknd vsikala ivghhs bdjauyvs jfjysgva
It can't be though because Chuck Norris' keyboard doesn't have a Ctrl key.  NOTHING controls Chuck Norris.
Parent is the child of Chuck Norris.
The compiler fixes its own mistakes and never warns Chuck about anything.
The programs that Chuck Norris writes don't have version numbers because he only writes them once. If a user reports a bug or has a feature request, he doesn't live to see the sun set.
There is no Esc key on Chuck Norris's keyboard, because no one escapes Chuck Norris.
To Chuck Norris, everything contains a vulnerability.
Weird, it always works on Chuck Norris's machine.
When Chuck Norris declares arrays, they are all of infinite size, because Chuck Norris knows no bounds.
When Chuck Norris drops a table it's bloody but silent.
When Chuck Norris point to NULL, Null scares.
When Chuck Norris throws an exception it's either across the room or out the window.
When Chuck Norris throws exceptions, it's across the room.
When chuck committed to Master, the branch pulled off his master-title and gave it to chuck.
Windows 7 was Chuck Norris's idea.
